As I mentioned at the end of the last lecture the next goal is to implement child routing for our recipe
Routier so that when we click a recipe here we actually loaded by adding let's say slash and then the
idea of that recipe and our recipes array your indie your Elle's recipes one would load the first element
or recipes 0 actually since we started 0 in the array and so on.
So that would be great if we could load our recipes like that and render them here then.
So we have a child rowdier again and the same for new recipe and edit.
But for that we will need a new component.
Let's implement this in a second step.
The first step should be to make these items clickable and load the detail component as a child route.
Here in New router outlet probably we will also need another new component then for the case that we
first visit our page.
In this case we should have a starting component which kind of says Please select a recipe something
we right now do by displaying this template here in our recipes component here DNG template.
But Dad will then also be removed because all I want to have inside of this div with the call M.D 7
class.
Here is our router outlet.
So again this is a challenge for you.
Try implementing this child routeing or at least try to do this first steps off dead.
Setting up the router creating that component which basically says Please select a recipe and then loading
either dead component or a detail route the detail component depending on whether we click the recipe
the list or not.
Certainly a challenge but also something where you can practice a lot of the things we learned in the
last lectures starting in the next lecture.
We will do it together.
So then you can see my approach on implementing this